By encouraging more people to use public transportation and bicycles, we can effectively keep more vehicles off the roads, lower CO2 emissions on a wide scale, and use tax concessions to incentivize more people to leave their vehicles at home.
Biodegradable packaging can have similar impacts and degradation time scales as plastic packaging.
By using more compostable packaging, we can ensure that our packaging is truly eco-friendly and that our packaging materials align with our claims of sustainability.
Diet can play a huge role in personal carbon footprint reduction.
Initiatives that promote vegan and vegetarian options, locally sourced produce, and meat-free meals can have a significant impact, especially when people choose these options together, like 'Meat Free Mondays'.
Deforestation is a huge driver of climate change.
Tree planting initiatives that focus on biodiversity, rewilding, and planting species native to the area can help to ensure that our forests and woodlands are available for generations to come.
Governments and corporations hold the bulk of power in this world, and can enact far-reaching policies to reduce carbon emissions and promote more planet friendly methods of travel, dining, manufacturing, shipping and business operation.
-Changing our eating habits by avoiding meat and dairy products, this is one of the biggest ways to reduce our environmental impact on the planet.
We should try to choose fresh, seasonal produce that is grown locally to help reduce the carbon emissions from transportation, preservation and prolonged refrigeration.
Flying produces a lot of carbon emissions which are very harmful to the environment.
Instead of getting in the car, walk or cycle and enjoy the physical and mental health benefits, and the money saved.
They absorb carbon dioxide and are associated with lower levels of air pollution.
They help to regulate temperature by cooling overheated urban areas, can reduce flood risk by absorbing surface rainwater and can provide important habitats for a wide variety of insects, animals, birds and amphibians.
They also provide multiple benefits to public health, with studies linking green space to reduced levels of stress.
Eliminate Food Waste.
Food waste in the US occurs mostly in stores and at home—either because it spoils on the store shelf or before we can eat it.
 We can combat food waste by shopping for what you need, eating leftovers, composting scraps, and donating excess to food banks.
Transitioning to a vegetarian diet can cut your carbon footprint in half, and going vegan, even lower.
Even shifting from high to low meat consumption can shrink your footprint by a third,.
Use Clean Energy  and Use LED Lighting.
Renewable energy is fundamental to powering the world as we move away from fossil fuels.
Additionally, you can purchase renewable energy from installers such as Blue Pacific Solar and RGS Energy, as well as plug into renewable utilities which don’t require you to install any new hardware in your home to get sun- and wind-power.
One of the most cost-effective and accessible tactics to combating the climate crisis is better insulation.
Older homes can lose up to 35 percent of heat through their walls.
Modern insulation reduces the energy needed to heat a home, therefore reducing emissions and saving you money.
Overhauling the world’s transportation systems, both commercial and personal, would save as much CO2 as one billion acres of regenerative agriculture.
Acquiring virgin resources—from logging trees to mining minerals—exploits more resources than recycling existing materials.
For example, recycled aluminum products use 95 percent less energy than creating new ones.
We have to start traveling in shared vehicles and using public transport, using green energies and switching to them.
Replace our vehicle with something similar to a bicycle, being natural and simply being with the earth.
Climate change can affect our health, ability to grow food, housing, safety, and jobs.
Some of us are already more vulnerable to climate shocks, such as people living in small island nations and other developing countries.
Switching energy systems from fossil fuels to renewable energy like solar or wind will reduce the emissions that drive climate change.
Adapting to climate impacts protects people, households, businesses, livelihoods, infrastructure, and natural ecosystems.
Because human-induced warming is superimposed on a naturally varying climate, the rise in temperature has not been and will not be uniform or smooth across the country or over time.
The intensity of storms associated with hurricanes and rainfall rates are expected to increase as the climate continues to warm.
Sea level rise poses widespread and continuing threats to the region's economy and environment.
Extreme heat will affect health, energy, agriculture and more.
The decrease in water availability will have economic and environmental impacts.
Increased heat, drought and insect outbreaks, all related to climate change, have increased wildfires.
Diminishing water supplies, reduced agricultural yields, health impacts in cities due to heat and flooding, and erosion in coastal areas are additional concerns.
Cut back on eating meat and diary, this is one of the biggest ways to reduce your environmental impact on the planet.
This can also be beneficial to your health, so it is a win-win.
Try to limit consumption and waste to limit your carbon footprint.
Respect and protect green areas such as parks and gardens as they absorb carbon dioxide and help lower air pollution.
Plant trees and create your own green space with pot plants added around your house, Reduce your energy bills and consumption to cut your carbon footprint by doing simple tasks like switching of lights that are not being used and replacing lightbulbs with energy efficient bulbs.
Leave your car at home to limit your carbon footprint and as a bonus you will improve your health as well.
It will not just help with you carbon footprint, but also help with your budget.
We can inspire people through simply setting a good example and being the change we want to see in the world.
These are my best ideas to help do our part in saving out planet and making it more green and more viable for future generations.
If we do not act now, we will live worse.
Extreme weather fluctuations, the end of holidays, the end of joyful life as we know it now.
You don't have to buy an electric car right away to help the world.
Start by sorting your garbage, lowering the temperature in your house or apartment in the winter, conserve water.
Replacing a conventional halogen bulb costs virtually nothing and has a huge impact not only on the environment, but also on your wallet.
Oh yeah, it's cheaper, often faster and greener.
The same amount of people that fits in 10 car can fit in just one vehicle.
The basic idea is to cut back on activities that use whatever resources are on the planet.
Incentivising such behaviors can help improve the reduction of produced residues which will help the sustainability of the world.
Furthermore, some more strict gas emissions policies are required to help reduce the impact on the stratosphere.
Several things can be performed to reduce emissions and residue production - the recovery for energy production, their treatment and usage for other steps within the process they are resulting from are feasible examples.
Many processes can integrate reused emissions and products after treatment, not only providing the reduction of waste but also reducing the payments involved in the process.
Furthermore, these solutions are mostly relatively simple to integrate within many common processes, resulting in the diminished environmental footprint of the enterprises that establish them.
On another hand, some sensibility campaigns can be prepared to further implement this sustainable mentality in young children, developing their interest and enabling them with tools to help improving the world.
Climet change is an all around big issue that encapsulates many different but dangerous problems, but thankfully, because of that, we are able to apply many solutions to them.
This would help greatly because enterprises are the biggest contributors to contamination.
We could also build more green spaces and deemphasize going around cities on cars instead of public transport bringing many benefits appart from less polution, like a better public transport infraestructure and less air pollution all around.
On top of that there should be studies into how we could recycle radioactive materials, because just burying them underground could result in accidents later on.
Another way to help would be to create voluntary bodies where people can partake in cleaning their city, while at the same time teaching them how recicling is very important.
Lastly we should analize how everything is truly recicled, because a part of what we recicle ends up in dumpster sites on other countries where they are not truly recicled and only lay there corroding the land.
Those are by far not the only ways to  create a better enviroment for our descendants, but they are the ones I was able to think off that would be very beneficial and could be implemented without much difficulty in the most part.
Avoiding waste, being careful of carbon emissions, being mindful of plastic packaging, caring about reusable objects and avoiding things that are to be thrown away after just one usage.
the list could potentially be infite, colonialism and capitalism has made it to be this way, short terms usage, waste, compulsively buying new things, needing more than we actually do, we have been shaped this way, the economic circle has shaped us this way, it has made almost impossibe to live a sustainable life if you dont have enough money or time.
money could help repair the some of the damage done by colonialism, redistribuiting money and goods and taxing the rich could potentially help those in need, while doing this, the sustainability could increase.
the inaccessibility of sustainability is the rich's fault.
a material that has been useful but badly managed, some is indispensable, some is useless and harmful, reducing the useless ones some changses could be made.
much packaging could be avoided and replaced with more sustainable one, we need to be able to recycle most of it to avoid pollution.
Every country should switch to renewable energy sources.
Meat production and consumption should be restricted.
More forests and trees should be planted.
Concrete in cities needs to be reduced.
This will help maintain a lower temperature in large cities.
 People should start taking care of the environment themselves, stop buying plastic bottles.
People should buy less clothing, those they do not use to sell or give to those who will find them useful.
children from an early age should learn how to take care of the environment.
Aware of the risks, the child becomes a responsible adult.
The most important thing is the fight against the widespread concreteization of cities.
Maintaining an adequate level of rivers and lakes.
Not to dry out natural water bodies.
It is necessary to reforest as many areas as possible that lie fallow.
The most important thing is that the earth should be as green as possible.
Then the climate will not warm up so quickly and there will not be so many natural disasters.
People have to look for ways to volunteer for the land themselves.
Eliminating all threats is a basis for fighting climate change, the planting of trees is fundamental in the fight of climate change, the greener the environment the more chance we have to fight climate change.
Change of technology needs to be implemented, moving away from technology which burns and produce unhealthy toxins to the air to technology which will produce healthy toxins for example cars that use renewwble energy, solar.
It is important to use tools that will not have negative impact in the later years, for example the use of solar energy is very important as it has no negative impact on the fight against climate change.
Also the oceans play a vital role in climate change hence we need to take care of it and keep it clean and safe.
The should also be amount of money paid to ensure that overuse and over production of toxins that are released in the air can be replaced and use the money to help eliminate all toxins also this will prevent people from producing those harmful toxins.
Technology is a key factor in fighting climate change and essential that we use it in a way that it wont affect our fprodu.
The overcrowding in cities should be eliminated as this is one of high factor causing climate change  cause there are too many productions in a city and too much cars producing carbon dioxide with little of trees.
With the help of these ideas, it will be possible for us to fight climate change and make our world a better place.
You can possibly significantly reduce your carbon emissions using these two methods of travel.
Drive more efficiently: Keep your car in good condition, keep your tires inflated and follow the speed limit.
Accelerating too much uses more fuel and increases your carbon emissions.
Reduce your power use: Turn off the lights, TVs, computers and other electronic devices when not in use.
Plus, you can open your windows for fresh, clean air instead of using an air-conditioner.
Use green power where possible (or invest in it): If you have access to renewable energy sources like solar panels or wind turbines - use them.
A simple way to do this is to install solar panels to your roof to power your home and get off the grid.
In addition to solar panels, work with your neighbours and community to erect wind turbines to power your area.
It must be addressed and we need to come up with more sustainable ways of living in order to reduce our carbon footprint.
The main way to fight climate change is to plant more trees so they can absorb all the carbon dioxide and gas emissions from the world.
Using more environmentally friendly products that do not cause any harm to the environment such as recyclable materials such as bottles and glasses.
We can implement cars that move with batteries and require to car them instead of cars that release carbon dioxide.
 Instead of big firms using coal to manufacture electricity which in turn releases carbon dioxide they can look at an alternative of producing electricity via solar panels which emit less gasses to the atmosphere.
 We can use a system of recycling of the products like classify where the glasses,papers and bottles should be recycled and offer incentives to citizens that invest well in recycling.
We as the citizens as the this world can do better without the government intervening and try to minimize and  do things that are environmentally friendly and will not harm the environment.
An idea would be to make recycling obligatory in countries where it isn't already, and pose a fair amount for fine to those who don't conform.
Also, people do not recycle because they don't have a motivation to do so.
Maybe a money incentive could work.
It has to be an amount that won't be diregarded but also not too much money so people don't make it a profession or take advantage of others.
Also, a lot of pressure has to be put to politicians, in order to implement more cautious measures and also force big polluting units (like factories) to adopt policies that are more eco friendly.
People are used to burn a big amount of thrash or redundant weeds often, leading to more release of CO2, which affects the ozon layer.
Finally, people need to be more careful about their wasting behavior.
Beaches and natural sceneries all around the world are filled with thrash from tourists that disregard the rules.
There has to be a stricter supervision, but also more organizations that clean beaches or the water.
More creative ways can be achieved by using nudges, a technique that uses behavioral science to nudge people to certain behaviors.
Banning golf courses (waste of water), banning private planes, banning cruises, using water from treatment plants in agriculture and livestock, planting trees, create more gardens and natural parks, using more public transport in cities, prohibit cars in some zones, with some exceptions, banning swimming pools in homes, using irrigation in public spaces only at night, ending deforestation, eat less beef and pork and eat more vegetables (be more vegan and vegetarian), also eat less fish, use less single-use plastics, recycle more and reuse more materials, less consumerism, buy less clothes ( highly polluting industry).
Reduce hydropower to store more water in dams.
Create more electric car charging stations, create water desalination plants and nuclear power plants for energy production, due to the greater demand for energy.
Bet on the thermal insulation of houses and buildings, invest in air conditioning, bet on more sustainable materials such as wood.
I think these measures are good for the sustainability of the planet and that they look after the future of the next generations.
It was also important to try to plant some vegetation in arid areas such as the Sahara desert or the Middle East, areas without trees that would benefit from these measures.
Ending coal-fired plants is also necessary as it is highly polluting, and gradually reducing the use of natural gas.
One thing to fight climate change is eating less meat and diary products.
It has a great impact on the planet and reduces your environmental influence as the carbon footprint of one cheesburger is equival to e.
Air pollution caused by exhaust fumes not only affects our planet, but also our health.
Respecting and protecting green spaces is also very important.
They provide multiple benefits, such as lowering air pollution, cooling overheated urban areas, and are important habitats for variety of animals.
Shopping sustainable also helps our planet a lot.
Supporting local businesses and buying seasonal foods reduce fossil fuel emissions and help to lower the usage of energy.
This also leads to another helpful tip is not to waste food.
Avoid buying things you do not need or bulk-buying.
Not only this can save our planet but also save you some money.
I know a lot of people who blame huge comapnies of destroying the Earth and that they don't want to change their lifestyles just because they think they behaviour won't do much.
I'm not saying that it's not a thing, but if everyone or at least some people would change they perspective it would really do a thing.
Firstly we should think how what things we eat, by consuming less meat the CO2 pollution would be so much smaller, and also we can stop suffer of most of the animals.
Like maybe your jeans have a lot of stains, so maybe you should dye them, or that lamp that is not working anymore can be repaired or turned into some other ornament.
All of it is not about making your life harder, but more sufficient and make you think about your decisions.
Like drones- they can easily reach places we cannot and they can do stuff a single person would suffer to do in that amout of time they are doing.
We could have drones that plant trees, that pick garbage, that controles weather there are no illigal garbege dump or illigal activites from comapanies, they can also check the about of air pollutions, if people are not smoking garbage in they hearths.
Climate change is firstly caused by mostly human beings due to their daily activities that end up being harmful onto the climate, examples of some of the activities that cause climate change are usage of cars ,chopping down of trees and burning of fossil fuels.
Climate change needs us as humans to change our ways of doing in order to bring the changes ,we can firstly start by decreasing usage of many cars daily ,Law can be created to say people should use buses or trains if in need of going wherever they want to go or even bicycle and only use cars for cases of emergency and that way we would have reduced a lot of traffic caused by cars everyday and it would be one step ahead of fighting climate change.
The second one should be prohibiting people from chopping down forest trees just because they want to build something there ,many trees and removed for the purpose of building but at the same time the cutting down of trees causes climate change because we need trees in our daily lives as they provide us with oxygen.
Climate change is caused by air pollutants from steam factories and environmental pollutants like waste and rubbish this causes the disruption on ecosystem thus resulting in irregular order of nature which is Climate change.
To prevent this further from happening we need to implement dynamo technology to divert from coal in making electricity.
 Implement Green energy and passive design in our structures to stop burning fossils.
We use sun energy for solar and at night we use the energy stored from solar to use in that way no coal will be of use.
We have to implement the idea of cleanliness and what cleanliness can do for us as far as nature is concerned to try and make the society clean to avoid the environmental waste to make sure that government implement structures to assist with keeping the waste away from environment.
We can use the already used technologies like solar wind but make sure that we improve it by it being not only dependent on wind but to store energy for when there's isn't enough wind to run electricity.
  The main idea is to use nature for energy without burning fossils.
Homogenisation through farming certain plants or animals in large swathes damages ecosystems irreparably.
To counteract this, humans need to grow their own subsidence and return to smaller scale collectives that trade their own wares.
We need to be rewarded for re-using items of technology rather than simply discarding them when they reach their sell-by date.
The insistence of growth which makes the world a 'global village, needs to be replaced by returning our focus to growing our communities and feeding our ourselves, without necessarily becoming insular.
We need laws in place that discourage our rapid consumption of products that need to be shipped around the world.
It goes without saying, that our energy needs must be disinvested with fossil fuels, and replaced with renewable energies, such as solar, water and wind to generate the energy we require, but on the whole, we need to make our world smaller connective communities rather simply a global village.
The best way to fight climate change is to modify little by little the world we live in wich because we already have many things that harm our environment.
Reduce the use of cars on cities would be a significant change.
We should stop deflorestation too because trees help us.
If we try to reduce the burning of fossil fuels, oils and gas it will help us a lot.
Agriculture doesnt help either because many animals produce methane wich will affect our planet.
So if we want to change this, we need to start small and improve all of the above so we can reduce the harm we do to our planet.
Encouraging the usage of energy wisely and save money too.
Green my commute by encouraging reduction of transport emissions like flying less or using public transit or car-share.
Consuming less means wasting less and enjoying life more as too much of the the stuff we use id toxic and we don't share efficiently.
the aim should be to focus on life's simple pleasures, spending time with nature and making a difference in society by providing purpose and belonging.
The aim is to be more gentler to the earth by composting, upcycling, fixing and repurposing.
Even if one cannot install solar panels they will still be able to be part of the clean-energy economy by investing.
Eating for a climate stable planet would also have a profound effect on the environment, this would take place by buying organic, growing own food or eating meat-free meals.
Another positive effect would be getting politically active by taking action to reduce our individual carbon footprints.
Green transition investments must accelerate the decarbonization of all aspects of our economy.
Green economy making societies and people more resilient through a transition that is fair to all and leaves no one behind.
In the long term, higher temperatures entail risks of negative consequences for the environment, and so for human beings as well.
Global warming could among other things cause extreme climatic events, more severe droughts, floods and rising sea levels.
According to scientists, we are quickly reaching a tipping point we can't come back from.
When fossil fuel companies produce the majority of greenhouse gases, this ought to be everyone's focus.
Looking at other factors or individuals is a distraction.
They also need to address the rampant corruption that protects these companies for example 1) preventing deals between them and government officials, 2) banning them from attending events such as COP and, 3) making procedures more transparent.
They can take other steps such as not using banks that fund fossil fuel companies and reducing their own carbon footprint too by going vegan and not driving.
In an ideal situation, all governments and individuals will immediately seek to use only clean energy so the demand for fossil fuels is drastically cut.
This involves further research into solar, and wind and initiatives to provide poorer communities who cannot afford the change with clean energy.
We need to stop using fossil fuels and we need to do it now.
It is sad that we as human beings are the primary cause of this phenomenon and are the solution as well.
Technology has brought about sustainable options on how to curb the adverse effects of climate change.
Transportation is key in fighting climate change.
I would invent an engine that rubs on water as we have noted that fossil fuels have adverse effects on our planet.
This engine would use a resource that is abundantly available and is easily recyclable.
Construction trends have shown as well that the industry contributes to CO2 emission sin the environment.
This will ensure a renewable source of construction raw materials and would avoid unnecessary importation and transportation of materials as people can construct with locally available materials.
The use of all fossil fuels will be banned in this city.
First, fighting it comes from people themselves in the first place, the awareness of the problem and what it leads to is the key to any solution.
 It is not a high temperature season, it is not a normal summer, it is climate change and global warming that causes severe droughts and floods.
Last but not least, the alternatives should be easily accessed with low prices, we can't expect from people to pay more for alternatives.
The governments especially environment ministries should start paving the way  into a new era of eco-friendly lives, planting more trees, recommending better choices of consumption and of course not forgetting that laws and penalties are an ultimate solution in this fight when people fail to cooperate.
Starting to learn, for example, about carbom emissions is a good first step, because you're actively reading about a problem - which can lead you to some possible solutions, like using more public transportation or, if you need to drive your car, at least use it for more than just yourself.
Show them local markets where they can buy organic vegetables and fruits instead of going to the same supermarkets.
Our planet is at risk at reaching a no point of return if we do not aggressively stem the incidence of climate change within the coming decade.
There should be independent oversight of manufacturers’ compliance processes.
With an enabling environment being created by the State, the private sector can also play its part in the following ways:.
-        Harnessing of water resources to generate energy.
There is also need to invest heavily in the research and development of not only new sources of energy and energy conservation.
Other techniques may include sustained reforestation efforts and the creation of green cities.
Primarily their diet, which is the most influencial, but also most other forms of animal products gained from high density farms, and land that's had it's biodiversity diminished entirely for grass-grazing.
The alternative is dramatically reducing the amount of land used for crops to feed animals, and instead returning that land to wildlife-promoting wilderness.
Overall, consume less, waste less.
For corporations, naturally, since capitalistic mindsets have created this environment, and the determinetal effects won't be felt by corporations until it's too late to actually address, the only truly effective course of action is eye-wateringly high regulations on unsustainable business practices, and awe-inspiring, glowing promotion of sustainable practices.
Naturally it's the roles of governments to facilitate the societal shift away from the consumer practices that maintain the climate-change-enabling conditions we're in now.
If everyone lives in a manner where appreciation of the environmental source of your goods is a fundamental idea to your life style, then who will conciously take steps to destroy that environmental source.
This then forces us to save the Earth for ourselves and future generations to come.
It may seem like a task which may be taken at government level, but that's not entirely true, growing a tree at your home, fighting deforestation, commute using busses or bicycles, switching to greenpower are all means we can each contribute towards limiting our carbon emissions, in our respective households and society.
The truth is though, as mere mortals, we can only do so much, a huge responsibility lies with our respective governments and global leaders, the existing carbon tax are clearly not enough as 7 continue to ravage our ozone layer, exposing us to harm radiations from the sun.
Of course some of it is beyond human control, we can hardly do anything to stop the melting of Antarctica and rising sea level but therein lies the responsibility in all of us to our bit in order to save the human race.
Imagine a world where everything is in disarray and there is chaos everywhere.
Today there is snow falling heavily, tomorrow the scorching sun rises with all intensity, and the next day we are terrorized by another change of weather.
It is important for us to guard and protect the earth for future generations.
we must make sure that the gases that are emitted from our industries are as pure as possible and not harmful to the climate.
we should reduce air pollution and water pollution as much as possible.
This can be done by reducing our dependence on electricity and fossil fuels and using more clean gases like solar energy for lighting.
 fighting climate change is everyone's responsibility.
dropping just a piece of plastic on the ground causes climate change.
we should ensure we preserve our natural resources like water, and trees and avoid cutting trees where necessary, and plant more trees.
we should normalize using recyclable materials every time.
we must reduce our carbon emissions and use less packaging at all times.
 instead of driving we can walk or bike more to reduce our emissions.
Consuming less meat and fewer dairy products will also go a long way in solving the climate change problems.
We can also reduce food waste by eating what we need and eating leftovers than buying food and throwing it away.
Our solutions are not really stopping climate change, but rather only delay the consequences.
If we can make healthy things cheaper, then people will switch just easier and more natural, teaching them won't be even required and that's because majority of Earth's population is poor.
As for actual ideas to fight climate changes, we must finally start using renewable power sources in big scale.
Also, maybe it's time to start trying less known ways like restoring oceans by providing them with necessary elements.
Instead of "cleaning" the world, we should stop generating so much garbage, that is: plastic bottles etc.
I don't think we can make everyone to follow the rules, so at least we should make breaking the rules less impactful for health for our planet.
Climate change is a serious issue that is affecting every human's life but the irony is that, that change is caused by the very same humans that are being affected by it.
Change the way electricity is being produced from coal and switch to renewable energy, this should be standard.
The use of Solar Panels should be compulsory within households.
This point connects to the 1st one in a sense that electric cars will reduce harm to the environment which will then make the environment more healthy and in that way the production of electricity will be sustainable.
Come up with laws that will incriminate anyone that damages the environment.
Basically, my whole point is that if we were to go the natural route, the Earth will be a better place.
One of the main contributions to climate change is pollution (via air, water and on proper earth).
As it's common knowledge, meat production has a big effect on this, as worldwide governments should start thinking about different ways to reduce this impact on Earth.
One that I've been thinking about for maybe a while is the viabilization of producing meat and animal's derivates throught renewable energies, such as the wind and the waves strength, in a system that could use biological resources and ways, like water and winds strength to push and improve the production.
Per example, by using the winds, we could get factories to start their machines and engines, not using any electricity or carbon or any other subsidiary matter for this effect.
Use recycling to create employment with each residential area having groups to educate people about climate change and impact of recycling from each household.
Each area should have a drop off zone that doesn't become a dumping site.
People who are homeless can be educated and shown to collect litter and take to the residential centres or main centre for a refund.
Use this initiative to let 16 + Year old children to work at venues to gain work experience and giving back to the community.
As ideas to combat climate change, less individual transport (such as cars and motorcycles) could be used and more public transport (such as buses, trains, subways, trams) could be used.
More trees, plants and autotrophic living beings could also be planted.
It would also be important to clean forests (to reduce fires and thus gas releases), oceans (clean up plastics, microplastics, nanoparticles) and the biosphere in general (garbage on the streets, for example).
In addition, we should reduce greenhouse gas emissions by using less transport or walking more, or by reducing industrialization.
It is essential to turn off appliances and lights when not in use, and always choose more efficient ones with lower energy consumption.
It would also be important to reduce the consumption of meat and milk.
Livestock is responsible for a large part of greenhouse gas emissions.
In this way, we can eat more plant-based meals, in addition to improving our health, we are improving the planet and our quality of life.
It is also important to consume sustainable and locally sourced products (our place of residence or close by, in markets, for example).
Many cosmetics, food and hygiene products have their raw materials extracted by processes that also emit toxic gases.
Encourage friends, family and co-workers to reduce their carbon footprint.
Firstly, I believe one idea to combat climate change should be an increased tax on certain products which are damaging to our planet.
For example plastic and other things, when these are bought, the added tax should be used in projects such as ocean cleanups and litter picking groups.
Secondly, businesses which remove damaging products such as plastics and fossil fuels from there every day running should be rewarded with tax reliefs and other financial schemes.
Thirdly, I believe recycling and doing other environmentally friendly actions should be seen as cool, in order to do this, celebrities and influencers should be hired to signify the benefits of being environmentally friendly, this will particularly be good for younger generations, who often follow influencers and celebrities more.
They fly their private jets all the time and produce a lot of carbon emission.
We need to start making them guilty about it and conduct campaigh that will raise awarness about it.
Not only their private jets are the problem - also the fact that they are buying too many cars and stuff - much more things than they need in their everyday life.
We need to remember that it is a country ruled by communist that create strict regime and every country seems to dont see problem in it.
If everyone can cut Russia of everything, they can do the same about China and help really protect the Earth.
Global warming have the same or maybe even more serious consequences than regular war.
We are losing our battle to save the planet, and by a huge gap, even if we make everything we can now, we still have few chances to make a big change; this means we must move now and drastically; first of all cut our emissions, it doesn't matter the cost and the impact in our life, we are talking about saving the only planet we have and we may lose in the next century; stop gas-only vehicle completely, we should invest only on hybrid/electric vehicle, and do it now, not in some decades; stop any factory, activity, at any level which increase pollution and burns fossil fuels, increase renewable energy investments, we have to make the most from wind power which we exploit very little.
Last but not least cut our personal investments, and improve our recycle activities, we must change our behaviour and stop thinking someone else will do it, they won't, and we have no time left.
Global warming is slowly becoming a  pandemic around the world, what I think needs to change is that stricter laws need to be put in place for businesses and households and the way in which businesses and households consume resources should be monitored and should they be found to not be adhering to these laws they should be severely penalized.
The only way to to effectively make a change is to be stricter and harsher so that they don’t fall back into that their old pattern.
Systems need to be put in place if we want the world to remain the way it is, if not changing it for the better.
If we fail to make these changes now, our future looks bleak.
The most ideal and effective method to preserve our planet in which humanity has thrived all these centuries is to foster everyone the idea of synergy and cooperation in order to achieve a common goal.
Everyone should feel the urge to think about the course of the human species and act in a way that protects the environment and everything in it.
For example they should feel the responsibility to protect the climate by not polluting or by being eco friendly for the purpose of maintaining human existence.
People around the globe must develop a feeling of giving society and people around them a better quality of living.
Also it is vital that they  start thinking more critically about the policies of big enterprises and industries which are the main reason of the climate change (because of the huge emission of carbon dioxide).
If we do not prevent it now, soon we will find it hard to survive on this planet.
There are many changes we can bring about in our life both big and small to prevent global warming and save our planet.
Stop deforestation in all forms.
Do not cut down more trees as it will only worsen the level of carbon dioxide in the air.
Instead, encourage people to plant even more trees to create a fine balance in nature.
We can prevent global warming by adopting a healthy lifestyle.
Try to carpool with your relatives and friends to not produce carbon emissions.
Do not cut down trees unnecessarily and replace old electronic gadgets.
As a result of the burning of fossil fuels, greenhouse gases in the atmosphere increase rapidly and contribute to global warming.
Reduce the carbon footprint and do not travel through planes that often.
Replace all bulbs with LED lights, helps in reducing the use of energy by a massive amount.
To combat global warming, it is essential to replace our current methods of energy production.
It is no longer possible to postpone or justify the indiscriminate production of CO2.
In a highly globalised and capitalistic society such as ours, it is the consumers who make the difference.
Convincing consumers of the importance of a green transition is therefore the way to achieve it as quickly as possible.
It should not seem like an imposition from above, it should rather start as a fashion, and continue as the right way to be seen in society.
Just as cigarettes have been banned from movies, so clean energy must be pushed as much as possible in new ones.
It might be essential to point out how a continued rise in temperatures would lead to humanitarian crises, which would in turn increase the influx of immigrants.
At that point, however, the environmental problems would be so obvious that they could no longer be ignored in any case.
renewable energy is fundamental to powering the world as we are moving away from fossil fuels.
recycling, acquire virgin resource from logging trees to mining minerals, exploits more resources than recycling existing materials.
choosing to buy less or not at all is the origin mantra for saving money, also when you do not buy, you cut down on the amount that you contribute to landfills.
Use energy star appliances, these appliances save loads of energy over the conventional counterparts.
Embracing natural ventilation and lighting, taking advantage of daylight and cool breezes is a delightful way to reduce energy use as the days get longer, temperatures get warmer.
Adjusting your thermostat set point down by a few degrees in the winter and up by a few degrees in the summer can make significant impact on your overall home energy use.
Do not forget to spread the word to friends and family encouraging them to reduce their carbon pollution, and encourage them to join global movements.
Shop local and buy sustainable it reduces carbon footprint, you will be helping small businesses, your nearby farms, and reducing fossil fuels emission associated with transport and cold chain storage.
Climate change is a problem for all, hence we need to find ways to solve this issue.
There are many ways to reduce climate change and the most important one is to reduce our carbon emissions which may be achieved by various things.
Our population is growing rapidly and our energy needs will always be upon us, hence we need ways to meet the energy demands while also supplying clean energy.
We can use renewable energy sources for example things like solar energy, synthetic gas, wind energy etc.
We can use Hydrogen to fuel our electric cars.
Hydrogen is the lightest element in the periodic table and it is the cleanest burning fuel.
This means that the use of hydrogen in the car motors could our one of many solutions we can rely on.
In order to shy away from carbon emitting vehicles we could rely more on public transport to reduce the total amount of carbon emissions.
The more we use public transport, the higher the number of cars not being used hence more reduction in carbon emissions.
This simply means that the fewer the number of people driving, the less emissions we can expect.
Another factor to consider is using more renewable energy sources like your wind turbines which use wind power to generate energy and this is another alternative to reducing the amount of carbon emissions.
 Using solar energy can also assist in reducing climate change as these uses the sun as the energy source which means that there is no carbon emissions being experienced in this case.
My solution is apparently very simple and consists in the use of clean nuclear energy, that is, deriving from new generation nuclear power plants.
The high temperatures involved require very complex technologies, not yet fully realized.
I believe that the Western world will be ready for this technological leap within a few decades and that with an extra effort we could arrive at a safe and economical solution in a few years.
) could lead this interesting technological race that would have gigantic benefits not only from an economic point of view.
I believe it is feasible, despite the tremendous pressure from the hydrocarbon lobbies.
Use products that are not harmful to the earth.
Dispose products (harmful) in a way that will not harm the earth.
Reduce air pollution.
Avoiding meat and dairy products is one of the biggest ways to reduce your environmental impact on the planet.
Cut back on flying: When flying is unavoidable, pay a little extra for carbon offsetting.
Leave the car at home: Not only do cars contribute to greenhouse gas emissions, but air pollution caused by exhaust fumes from traffic poses a serious threat to public health.
Plant a tree: A single tree will absorb one ton of carbon dioxide over its lifetime.
Turn off electronic devices: Simply turning off your television, DVD player, stereo, and computer, when you're not using them, will save you thousands of pounds of carbon dioxide a year.
23: Check your tires: Keeping your tires inflated properly can improve your gas mileage by more than 3 percent.
Every gallon of gasoline saved keeps 20 pounds of carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere.
Use less hot water: It takes a lot of energy to heat water.
Use less hot water by taking shorter and cooler showers and washing your clothes in cold or warm instead of hot water (more than 500 pounds of carbon dioxide saved per year).
Avoid products with a lot of packaging: You can save 1,200 pounds of carbon dioxide if you reduce your garbage by 10 percent.
Adjust your thermostat: Moving your thermostat down just 2 degrees in winter and up 2 degrees in summer could save about 2,000 pounds of carbon dioxide a year.
But since the 1800s, human activities have been the main driver of climate change, primarily due to burning fossil fuels like coal, oil and gas.
Burning fossil fuels causes greenhouse gas emissions that act like a blanket wrapped around the Earth, trapping the sun’s heat and raising temperatures.
Clearing land and forests can also release carbon dioxide.
Landfills for garbage are a major source of methane emissions.
It is our responsibility to fight climate change as inhabitants of Earth.
We can use Bicycles more instead of driving.
 Plant a tree A single tree will absorb one ton of carbon dioxide over its lifetime.
Use less hot water.
Use less hot water by taking shorter and cooler showers and washing your clothes in cold or warm instead of hot water (more than 500 pounds of carbon dioxide saved per year).
It is important that we make changes to ensure that the current climate does not get worse in the future.
We can do to fight climate change to preserve our planet by: (1) Reducing air polution, this includes using more healthier gases for our cars, or using eco-friendly cars or fuel.
(2) Reducing land polution by not litering, recycling/reusing things such as plastic and opting for biodegradable packaging.
(4) Holding clean-up campaigns to help clean our oceans, land and communities of any waste.
(6) Reducing our carbon footprint, planting more trees and reducing deforestation.
(7) Encouraging more healthier living for all persons and going green.
(8) encouraging more eco-friendly inventions that will not cause any damage to our planet and turning the ones we already have into more ecofriendly options.
Social media is a big platform nowadays and it can spread the message to a much wider audience and more especially the younger people.
There is food insecurity due to climate changes which have negatively impacted on our agricultural production.
Our general health has also been affected due to toxics in the air.
We therefore need to reduce dangerous green house gas emissions by embracing alternative  renewable energy.
We can use Solar and wind energy and avoid Coal which is commonly used to power our Industries.
We should also try to use natural manure in our farming instead of the dangerous chemicals that deplete our soils and poison it.
Eventually rendering the soils poor and unproductive.
We should also plant more trees and vegetation to prevent desertification and to purify our environment and keep it clean.
This will bring more rainfall and thus improve our Agricultural production.
We should also keep our Oceans, Seas and Rivers clean by stopping to dump Industrial waste and other harmful substances.
This will keep our marine life safe and provide more food for us and also conducive environments.
There should be strict penalties for any defaulting members and heavy embargoes.
This might bring some sanity to our world which is facing danger of climate change.
We have to stop using fossil fuels.
Instead, we should focus our research on green and renewable energy sources that eventually can replace the fossil fuel industries that are hurting our planet.
Additionally, we should reduce our emissions caused by us traveling.
We have to further develop electric vehicles and reduce their cost so that they can be more commonplace, and replace gas-driven vehicles.
I hope that we will eventually even replace our planes using jet fuel with electric ones.
Until we develop our electric technology, we should focus on reducing the emissions we already put out by encouraging traveling by trains, buses, cycling and walking for their commutes, rather than taking their gas fueled cars wherever they are going.
Finally, I believe that planting more trees and more plants, and stopping illegal deforestation is something really important to clean the air and protect our planet’s biodiversity.
Even if you only build your own little jungle on your balcony, every bit helps and this should be encouraged.
Plant trees, recycle more, use less hot water because we might be aware that it takes so much energy to warm water, cut back on flying, spread the word on all the advantages of fighting climate change, focus on planet friendly investments, eliminate food waste, divest, i and if possible stick to using LED Lighting.
one billion of reggenative agriculture might save as much CO2 as complete overhaul of the world's transformation networks, both commercial and private.
More than all of the emissions from airlines combined, commercial vehicles alone are responsible for 6% of global emissions.
While individuals can not overnight transform the transportation, shipping, and aviation sectors, we demand that they do so by using public transformation, driving electric or hybrid vehicles, and limiting the number of trips that we take.
improved insulation is among the easiest, most affordable strategies to fight the climate change.
Up to 35% of heat can lost through the walls of older houses.
modern insulation helps you save money and reduce emissions by lowering lowering the energy needed to heat your home.
People should as well avoid anything that can cause fire as much as they can.
if we want to purchase wood, it is better to also look for wood that has a seal or certification attesting to sustainable origin.
Offer train connections with night sleep possibility, the infrascture may need to be upgraded but if we dont have time to wait, the travelling can wait.
Provide incentives for the companies when they have employes working from home or low commute (like working a shared office space near home).
The area occupied by trees should be increased by 30%, even if old building space have to be sent down to create parks, the main goal should be reached.
Climate change is a bigger problem than most people realize and it is going to take every human being on planet earth to put in an effort to reverse the damage.
Most countries have aged infrastructure and factories which is further damaging our planet.
We need to realize the direction we are heading in now, there will be no planet for the human race.
Governments need to implement green energy.
Maybe giving the citizens an incentive and rewards programs to adapt to a more clean and healthy climate will motivate people to do more.
Our governments needs to encourage people to recycle, plant  more trees, save water, and buy more sustainable products.
Even encourage little kids to get plants and take care of them and keep them healthy.
Every little bit helps.
If we just installed them in the right environment we could reduce carbon pollution by almost 70%.
For example, we could try to make it more profitable for people to plant more trees on their parcels.
There are studies that show us the massive impact that bamboo forests have when it comes to CO2 reduction.
They are also great substitute for trees when it comes to paper making but not only that.
Bamboo can also serve as a replacement for timber, concrete and steel.
And because it's a grass, not a tree, it grows fast - which means fast-regenerating resource.
Some of the direct causes of climate change include burning of fossil fuels which emits green house gases, deforestation, and farming of livestock.
One of the ways of mitigating climate change could by reducing the amount of livestock farmed.
To encourage adoption of these plant based diets more recepies could be made available, more plant based alternatives could be popularised.
It is the worst human ontribution for the plane, as it produces methane and other gases that provoque global warming.
It produces, waste, suffering, pain, diseases for the human race and animals suc as diabetes, cancer, hypertension, coronary diseases and others.
Tax the rich and give money to basic income foundations as it is proven to increase happiness and fulfilment of work and dreasm accross populations.
Increase aviations prices as it is one of the most polutents.
Nasa already has plans o how to reduce global warming but it is very costly.
It may cost a lot in the beggining, but it will produce los of positive effects in the long term, which is greatly needed by now.
Buy less cloths and from more natural resources, such as cotton and hemp.
Clothing is one f the most polluting industries and with lots of waste.
Incentivise people having less children, as it increases the numbers of humand polluting the world.
Teach them from younglings the responsability to respect earth and nature, and play more outside.
Climate changes can impact us by worsening air quality, water quality, spreading of diseases as well as extreme weather events and conditions.
There are numerous ways that we can can combat global warming.
Including: using energy efficient appliances in our homes, improving the way our modes of transport operate by switching to electric transport rather than using petrol and diesel vehicles, improving our farming  by reducing meat consumption and encouraging more vegan diets.
We can also restore our nature by planting more trees and looking after our environment.
Reducing the use of plastic because it does not break down easily.
We can protect our oceans and forests, the ocean absorbs large amounts of carbon dioxide being a threat to sea creatures.
While our forests play an important role in fighting against climate change, destroying our tress results in a huge amount of carbon consumption.
And lastly we can reduce just how much the human population consumes, this includes food, fashion, and other lifestyle choices we make that affect our environment daily.
Friends, the problem of climate change is a complex and pressing one which can no longer be ignored as it has been for so long; burying our heads in the sand is not going to save us, especially if that sand becomes super heated by global warming.
Reducing the amount of children a couple has is the single most effective way to reduce carbon footprint that an individual can take int he future.
to this end we should fund education, particularly for girls, as a more educated female population have fewer children.
Secondly transport, we need to increase subsidies for public transport, especially electric public transport and increase its frequency and significantly reduce its price to the consumer so that it becomes a far cheaper, truly viable and attractive alternative to car ownership.
Animals raised for meat should be reduced in number and meat consumption cut.
We should invest in research in lab grown meat, and meat alternatives.
We should invest in high rise hydroponic farming to save space given over to arable farming.
By placing a high demand on sustainability and a disdain for mass consumerism of 'fast' products.
Blend a desire for a more traditional and sustainable existence blended with technology over the disposable existence we find ourselves in today.
Climate change is not anymore a threat to our planet, rather, it is happening at full-force.
COVID-19, Ebola and Monkey Pox) are all the results and evidence of adverse climate change.
A strategy would be to innovate and come up with ways to replenish the Ozone layer, by the way, we have all the science we need to do that.
It is imortant to set local emissions goals.
Also, Encourage electric vehicles can help imporove fuel economy, lower people fuel costs and also reduce emissions.
It would be ever better to start living without the cars, use public transport, trains and bycicles.
Electric scooters are a great alternative in the summer for cars.
Prevent wasted food — the right way.
Avoiding meat and dairy products is one of the biggest ways to reduce your environmental impact on the planet.
Try to choose fresh, seasonal produce that is grown locally to help reduce the carbon emissions from transportation, preservation and prolonged refrigeration.
It is also important to cut back on flying.
We live in a world of new technology and a lot of chemicals and most people do not care if they cause global warming they just want anything that will make their lives easier so here are ways to fight or reduce climate change.
It is high time people start using bicycle or walking for a change and drive less, use fragrances or sprays that have no or less chlorofluorocarbons.
Use solar energy power, plant more trees and create more green houses, cut consumption, eat plant based and create less food waste.
Recycling by acquiring virgin resources will also help and shop sustainably by buying less because while we're saving money we're also saving the planet by reducing and reusing we cut down on the amount we contribute to landfills.
Save coral reefs by packing smartly for your beach vacation also trade in for an electric car.
Awareness campaigns and advertises are a good way to spread the word, from television, radio to social media even especially by hiring influencers to inform their millions of follwers about something that could save the world for a change.
Teaching our peers who have little to no knowledge about climate change is a great way to multiply effort.
Considering carbon offsets and educating people about carbon emissions is also extremely important so people can buy offsets from a specific activity like international flights or buy packages with names like ''Green wedding carbon offsets'' because understanding climate change will disproportionally impact our communities as it's an important step towards battling global warming and creating a world we can respect and protect green spaces as well.
In 2022 there are many ways to fight these catastrophic happenings, but everyday every government puts off the urge to do something because of their greed and their relationships with big enterpreneurs.
Firstly, we have to quit using non renewable resources that foul up our planet.
They are worried that, with an ecological transition, they'll lose their earning.
Then, we can reduce the pollution created by intensive farming: are we willing to reduce the consumption of meat.
Every land used for intensive farming is land taken from forests, and we can save litres of water.
States nedd to improve disposal of resources and plastic, there is an urge to reduce the production of plastic.
The panels would be used for providing electricity for small but energy consuming appliances like lamps, routers, phone chargers, laptop chargers etc.
Extensive use of remote working where applicable to reduce energy consumption and commuting.
Minimise working days for companies to four days per week, in order to further reduce energy consumption and commuting.
This would mean improved airplane and personnel management, more efficient route planning and less running costs and at the same time reduced fuel consumption.
There are many ideas to fight climate change out there but we are still not making enough progress to put an end to this problem (or at least to slow it down).
First of all, we could all continue the lines of reusing, reducing and recycling.
Let's take fashion as an example to apply this: we could reuse the clothes our parents used back in their days (since fashion is a recurring thing and what was cool in the past is always coming back) and stop buying fast fashion items that are not only affecting our planet in terms of pollution and waste but also damaging societies and violating human rights.
We could also exchange clothes with our friends and loved ones or buy in second-hand stores (recycling) to reduce our mark and our consumption in fast fashion.
Second of all, we could continue to follow other suggestions such as taking shorter showers to reduce our water consumption or using public transportation or riding a bike instead of owning a car.
Nonetheless, what we really need is public policies that punish big companies that are a big part of the problem and have not taken measures in order to reduce their CO2 emissions.
We can all help by making little changes in our day-to-day lives but if big corporations continue to damage our planet the way they are there none of our changes will matter.
There are however, many unique ways in which we can combat climate change.
It is the plastics industry that uses a huge amount of fossil fuel and they are extremely unsustainable.
There are also ways in which different compounds can be extracted from more sustainable materials such as trees in order to create plastic like material that is far more sustainable.
 Upcycling furniture may seem like it has no impact but reusing old items and making them seem new again or giving them a different purpose means that individuals are less likely to need to go out and purchase new items that have been created using fossil fuels.
That said there are things which we can do to try to minimise the impact of our species on the planet as a whole.
One of the biggest ways to do this will be to adopt more wholescale use of nuclear power to produce the world's energy.
On top of this would come intense research into the safe use of fission power - to an extent that we can produce the majority of our world's energy needs through these means.
Other ways of combating climate change is by reducing our carbon footprint, this means that we must educate people the importance of eating less meat and dairy products.
A more plant based diet is not only good for your health but it's good for the planet too.
I would take advantage of diet culture to promote a more sustainable way of fueling our bodies while protecting the planet.
I would also encourage a healthier lifestyle by highlighting the importance of reducing our carbon footprint by walking more and driving less.
Prohibition of registering new cars that use fossil fuels.
Promote the circular economy and the consumption of local production, with increased taxes on the arrival of foreign products and giving aid to local producers.
Climate change poses a huge threat to our planet , its species and people’s livelihoods which we should all work to protect.
To address this crisis we need to urgently reduce carbon pollution and prepare for the consequences of global warming, which we are already experiencing.
Carpooling and public transport offer big reductions in carbon emissions.
Secondly, We need to focus more on our carbon emissions.
There is much more we can do to reduce our household carbon emissions.
It is important for everyone to begin changing their habits to get some actual change and improvement for our planet's health.
My first idea is reduction of carbon consumption, we should try to live without carbon all over the world, we should try to replace carbon for something more ecological and something what will be more safe for our planet.
This will help reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Another thing is that we can left our cars and try to use public transport, that will help our world too .
Third idea is to use solar panels, it will be better for us, cause it’s cheaper and it will help our planet too.
I think that in every new house, even when it’s just building, they should put solar panels, it’s better for people and for our planet.
Another idea is food, stop wasting food is really important for all planet .
Climate change is an existential threat to Earth, Humans and all other animals.
If it is allowed to spiral out of control there will be little we can do to reverse it.
Both preventing and reversing a catastrophic rise in temperature around the world is therefore essential.
Some have already been suggested such as carbon sequestration, however that can only be effective if we build, in every nation and continent plants that will continuously scrub it from the air.
Another potential idea is to make as much of the built up world able to reflect sunlight back into space.
Since the earth cools when it is dark, this would be an effective way to cool the global temperature, giving us a breathing space in which to deploy other measures to create a permanent decrease.
Firstly, climate change can be caused by carbon dioxide emissions coming from industries and a lot of vehicles on the road.
These emissions can be very harmful to human health for example causing respiratory problems within the lungs.
To fight against climate change, we can try and lessen the emissions of carbon dioxide by reducing the number of cars or traffic on the road, which can either be by carpooling with other people.
 If we can also try to reduce the use of petrol in the cars and probably create more electric cars that can be used permanently.
industries can also find ways since they deal with various ways of burning coal and fossil fuels to manufacture their products.
They can investigate other means of moving away from the emissions of carbon dioxide and stop the use of coal and fossil fuels.
This in turn will also help the government to step away from burning coal to generate energy.
News ways of using solar energy to run industries and generate energy can be introduced and utilized.
Climate change must be addressed in order to save the planet.
What can the individual do, or companies, or government regulations, without removing choice from consumers.
We all think we want to help but how many are actually willing to give up the things they love, like meat eating, and use or personal cars.
I'd start with schoolchildren's awareness and taking care not to brainwash kids (as I fear may be happening currently) I'd promote a whole school/community initiative to learn feasible changes and make it fun, with challenges, local events, and easy engagement.
As for governments, clear disincentives eg high taxation could be employed for fossil-fuel using cars.
Grants should be available for insulation and upgrading of home heating systems.
The UK, as an island, should be using more tidal power, which is 100% renewable, sustainable and frankly perfect.
One went out at the weekend in school uniform because one had just a single change of clothes.
As for the adult population we should introduce rewards to those wo do things that are good for the climate.
Companies pollute the most, businesses that reduce their carbon footprint by more than 60% should be taxed, a footprint between 50-60% should receive a very small portion of the tax discount given, in order to encourage that 60% or more goal.
They should be mandated to use technology to come up with better ways for production or conduct their business.
Nets of some sort should be strategically placed in the sea to trap all the plastic and dirt that contaminates the sea and biodegradable plastic should be used for packaging, shopping and other stuff uses the toxic plastic we currently use.
For every delivery made, businesses should plant a certain number of trees to offset their emission and besides electric cars, cars should use other alternatives for fuel or power, again the car manufacturers can be given an incentive for their role in the climate change fight.
Faecal matter has been used as a fertilizer, maybe some of those poop properties can be used to create a form of fuel or plastic can be used to create fuel without causing any harm to the climate.
For every new building erected, the company responsible for it should plant a trees around it, use eco-friendly building material and finishes and make the said building energy efficient.
Nature should be considered in all new and existing builds as part of adherence to regulations.
Instead of destroying or removing nature, builds should now be made around or over it for preservation.
With the continuous increase in carbon dioxide levels due to excessive industrial emissions, if has become increasingly important to find ways of mitigating these emissions and reducing air pollution.
To do so, it is important to have policies and practices in place to ensure that industries do not excessively release their wastes.
Enforcing fines and penalties on those companies that continuously add to air pollution and the trapping of greenhouse gases should be made to pay up.
When they are aware that their irresponsibility as a price associated with it, they will be encouraged to reduce their contribution and as a result, reduce the impact of climate change.
With the introduction of electric cars and the many other ways to minimize emissions into the atmosphere, more awareness surrounding the importance of these ventures should be communicated to the regular person.
If each person is motivated to become more green, climate change can become a thing of the past.
If we all can reduce, reuse and recycle, it will have a ripple effect on one of the main challenges we face.
However, while they may not be implementable in themselves, they could offer discussion points and help generate further, practical ideas that take us in the same direction and help reduce emissions/mitigate climate change.
Limiting the amount of meat people can purchase/consume.
A ban on all deforestation.
Reducing the number and size of ocean-going tankers to reduce diesel usage.
Some ideas to fight climate change would be to decrease carbon dioxide emission, meaning people should use public transports more often so that there are less cars on the road.
Recycling is also a key to fighting climate change.
We could also stop using fossil fuels by changing our main energy sources to clean renewable energy.
We could also turn lights off in unused rooms.
We can also repurpose old clothes instead of throwing them away.
Climate change affects all of us, and we cannot allow it to affect the earth in an irreversible way.
This we can change, it's worth starting to save water, even if it's when you brush your teeth turn off the tap, watering your weeds, use rainwater.
Each of us has habits that do not serve our planet.
You're probably not elon musk and you're not going to leave earth even tomorrow by swapping it for mars :) So take this advice to heart, promote good habits to others, do you want your children's children to live in some post-apocalyptic scenery that was not caused by nuclear war, asteroid strikes but by ourselves.
And this is the worst case scenario, that we have brought this fate upon ourselves, it could have been prevented but we didn't.
Actions to cut carbon emissions will benefit other regional problems including enhancing air quality and public health, creating jobs, and lowering inequality.
Secondly, cutting what we consume and how we waste is very important.
As consumers, everything we use leaves a carbon footprint.
We should avoid fast fashion and single-use items, and try not to buy more than we require.
Look around for used or durable products that endure a long time.
Make an effort to reduce waste and instead repair and reuse.
By giving them to a good cause or selling them, you can give discarded goods a new lease on life.
Thirdly, try reducing your energy use, and bills.
You can reduce your energy use at home, your carbon impact, and your energy costs by making small behavioral changes: Put on an additional layer of clothing and lower the heat by one or two degrees.
Finally, a change in diet such as eating less meat and dairy could be beneficial in multiple ways.
One of the best methods to lessen your influence on the environment is to cut out meat and dairy products.
A high-fibre, plant-based diet may be beneficial for both your physical and mental health.
Reduce or cut back on the amount of meat you eat, especially red meat, which has the biggest environmental impact.
Also, cut back on dairy products or substitute non-dairy options.
To lessen the carbon emissions from transit, preservation, and prolonged refrigeration, try to pick locally farmed, fresh produce that is in season.
By implementing the above ideas, we could each make an impact towards the fight against climate change.
Do not forget that you have to take care of hygiene every day.
One by one, we force stores to sell beverages only in glass bottles - such a drink tastes much better.
Let's dress the homeless - they also deserve to be fashionable.
In addition, for their saving our planet in relation to the more affluent part of society, they should be rewarded with ecological food.
In relation to drivers, we will increase fuel prices so that they reduce environmental pollution to a minimum.
Owners of hybrid or electric vehicles get greater discounts when making purchases at gas stations and in automotive chain stores.
For offering remote work, which also helps our planet, every employer deserves a week's leave at the expense of his employees working only stationary.
Often, cash payers should incur higher commission costs when paying for non-ecological forms of payment.
For much greener contactless payments, each bank's customer should receive 20% one-time returns of some cash and dedicated thanks for caring for our future.
All organic products are sold cheaper to reduce the water footprint.
It used to be nature, but since human activities have been the main driver of climate change.
They are some ways in which we may reduce climate change but some of these ways are expensive to access.
Cutting on pollution helps not to release toxic gases in to the air and the environment as well.
We could use renewable resources such as solar panels instead of using electricity.
Protecting our environment by not cutting down trees and rather planting more trees to help the ecosystem.
Most people enjoy the joy of driving luxuries cars and enjoying the comfort not knowing that they are contributing to global warming  causing climate change.
Eating less meat and dairy also helps reduce climate change.
Climate change is a global issue that needs to be tickled to ensure that the world will still be a safe environment for future generations.
The affects of climate change are damaging and in order to fight climate change every single person on this world should be knowledgeable enough to know the harm they are causing to the world and this will help them to seek ways to reduce their contribution towards  climate change.
By raising awareness, driving less, recycling these are some of the solutions in fighting climate change.
Companies also contribute a lot on the release of carbon dioxide gasses for the world to be a better place there should be strikes that encourages people to stop supporting organizations that are not investing in green products, producing more environmentally friendly products.
All individuals who will not be supporting the fight against climate change should be taxed more.
Encourage people to walk or cycle to their destinations if possible, rather than driving, as that increases carbon emissions, resulting in the depletion of the ozone layer, which leads to climate change.
Things like wind, solar, and geothermal energy are increasingly viable alternatives to fossil fuels.
Although their production currently requires the expenditure of fossil fuels and other harmful industrial processes, these technologies are improving rapidly in the hopes of creating energy sources that require relatively minimal damage to the planet.
Perhaps the biggest, and most obvious, solutions would be to end government subsidies to fossil fuel companies, funnelling this money instead into things like affordable housing within urban areas in order to reduce sprawl.
The dangers presented by the climate emergency are real and can paint a gloomy picture of what the future holds for subsequent generations of people and all other inhabitants on earth.
Already, undeniable effects are being felt throughout the world.
Countries like the United States bear an outsized responsibility to curb emissions, being among the biggest emitters of greenhouse gases.
The incentive to create a viable future grows more each year.
secondly the pollution that result of the production or the movement, should be treated adequately.
The best energy is not that we not consum like had say the ceo of total france, i think the best energie is the one that is the shiper and the one that has the less environnement impact.
I think we should change the systme of capitalisme or adapted it the this new chalenge energie, big factorys have benefited for a long time of the enerige providing be the state, i think every factorie should by his own energie from others campanies, and the state should not be responsible, and not imposing taxes, but only regulation about environmental impact.
Consequently, we must change our habits before it is too late and climate change is irreversible.
First of all, a very effective method of reducing pollution, which is the main cause of global warming, is to reduce waste.
Unfortunately, many of the products that are purchased end up never being used, thus causing an unacceptable waste of resources and an increase in the amount of waste produced.
Properly disposing of products that we no longer use allows us to recover raw materials that would otherwise be wasted.
Another idea to reduce global warming is to revolutionize transport by enhancing public transport, especially in large cities.
This would make it possible to eliminate emissions produced by cars.
By building more cycle paths, then, we could incentivize the movement by bike, in order to reduce the emissions produced by short journeys.
By choosing zero kilometer products we can reduce emissions caused by transport, and by purchasing products with a reduced environmental impact we can reduce our ecological footprint.
In conclusion, we still have time to be able to change our habits and, in this way, limit our emissions of harmful gases and the production of waste.
Only with everyone's commitment will we be able to lower average temperatures and reverse the trend of the rapid increase in recent years.
The contribution of every individual is necessary right now in order to reduce climate change and prevent the abusive use of natural resources.
Besides human activities which are highly contributing to this damage to the ecosystem, we may find other factors that are contributing to climate change.
Climate change can be prevented and our planet saved by many changes we can make in our lives style; these changes can be big (such as government action to fight climate change) or small (mainly based on individuals to create a big effect on a world scale).
One of the most important actions that need to be taken when it comes to fighting climate change is to stop mass deforestation.
Increasing carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere will only worsen if more trees are cut down.
Initiatives must be taken to encourage individuals to plant more trees in order to balance the deficit in trees that our planet has.
By using plant species with the highest lifelong carbon fixation such as the live oak which is the most efficient carbon-capturing tree, our planet will be able the quickly close the deficit gap.
Individuals can on their side, upgrade all their ordinary bulbs to LED lights which use less energy.
Using this LED technology will reduce the energy consumption of individuals by a significant amount on a global scale.
To have a greener future our dependence on fossil fuels and electricity needs to be reduced right away, instead of increasing it with the electrical car which is definitely not a green solution as big companies are trying to convince us.
In conclusion, it is everyone’s responsibility to protect the planet by putting their personal interest aside for the good of the only one planet that holds life.
Climate change is a global problem which requires a global solution, what each individual person can do, while important and necessary, isn't gonna change centuries of pollution on a global scale.
With that said every big change happens with the help of everyone, not only because of our own actions themselves, but also because our actions tend to influence those around us, making our efforts more valuable.
2 - cutting back on the use of cars/ planes,trains and other gas based transportations.
Although we are taught to recycle, use less water and travel via public transport; our efforts will not collectively be enough to squander the damage our planet has received.
It is up to humanity to cancel the constant consumption culture which past generations have created in order to save the world from it's current path of destruction.
Once we have collectively stopped our levels of consumption, production will seize and current amounts of resource mining will drop.
The damage we have caused is irreversible but we can still do better and stop making it worse.
The best plan possible is for governments and the people to stop corporations from taking our planet for granted.
There is a huge amount of ways for us to use and reduce the effect of climate change, in my opinion the best way to fight yhe climate change is to educate the younger generation in a way that they are alert about the fact that the earth is nearly in a breaking point of being uninhabitable.
To fight this matter we need to learn for once that there are many things that can be re-used,  especially the glass, this is one of the most easy and sustainable material to re-use because it can be washed easly, however it is a very fregile element so that it's mandatory to be very carefull using it.
utilizing of refrigerators,air conditioners and other cooling machines will have to be reduced or use of machines which emit less CFC gas should be used.
environmental standards will have to be strictly followed to reduce the impact of smoke from vehicles .
renewable energy measures have to be taken care of,that if wind power,solar energy and hydro-electricity are taken care of instead of electricity generated from coal.
the whole world has to plant more and more trees and the use of fossil fuels will be reduced.
pollution free energy sources such as solar energy,wind power,tidal energy have to be adopted ,these can help in saving the earth from the dangers of climate change .
We need just less environmental pollution and less littering.
The main direction we need to take to fight climate change is through innovation, to make use of ideas that can reverse the effects of climate change or slow it down.
All throughout history, from the ecological disaster on the Easter Islands to the Dust Bowl, brakes have not been the way humanity operates when there are incentives in the other direction.
And we will never be able to create enough incentives to put the brakes on enough to stop still catastrophic effects of climate change.
Once we did that, we can change the perspective we see things, hence help our dearest planet Earth.
For example, never leave your appliances on standbay, remember to pull the plug from the socket when your smartphone is fully charged.
We need it and it's really precious.
As to many big corporations this is just another business expense that could possible be deducted from their income in favour of lowering their tax.
Not only will this provide more jobs but ensure w are monitoring climate change with the constant aim of keeping it levels to a minimum.
The climate can be reduced by using green-friendly goods like fridges that emit less carbon and also changing the type of engines used in the cars to less carbon, invent a carbonless less fuel that will burn in a green friendly manner.
So that our planet can save from all which is happening, also people should stop air, water, and environmental pollution by stopping littering anywhere they feel like it.
also introduce new laws on the environment, since people do as they please with the dirtiness of our globe, there should be a law worldwide that stipulates that anyone found littering anywhere they are not supposed to, they get arrested and the sentence to that is ten years imprisonment.
Then people will learn that the environment is not something to pollute or rather something to play on.
They will know that they need to take care of the environment like they do with their own wards.
instead of countries burning coal to generate electricity, they can think about venturing into more natural and less harmful ways like solar energy.
Secondly we can prohibit deforestation and cutting down trees.
This means that informing as many people as we can even through media and movies and school curriculums, of the dangers and how big a threat it is.
We are living in unprecedented times, as we fight against the different problems that constantly hit humanity, but I believe none is more troublesome than the climate change.
The first solution would be to attack one of the biggest problems, the pollution caused by the meat industry.
We have scientists that can recreate new cells from blood, and with that, we can eventually make whole products of meat with only the blood of the cow, that way we can avoid having so many farm animals making a lot of polution, and we will only have a few from which we'll draw blood to make new meat products.
That idea is a little far from now, but eventually it'll become easier to do, and then we'll end one of the main pollution problems of our world.
It's a campaign of the whole humanity to wage against the errors that we ourselves made.
Buy less instead of cheaper - use longer instead of cooler - repair - walk - live with the idea that you’ve only borrowed this planet for a short amount of time.
Show that it CAN BE DONE.
It’s the only way to provide reliable, strong, and carbon neutral power in the long run.
With the safety measures in place we have now, there is no need to fear another Chernobyl or Fukushima.
We see countries and states who bent before the mindless activism and closed their own nuclear power plants - only to become dependent on warmongering regimes burning carbon dioxine producing gas and oil.
Solar is not effective, and wind is too unpredictable.
Nuclear energy is safe, clean, and requires very little accommodation.
Climate change is a very real problem and is already threatening the planet, it will have even larger negative effects on future generations if we do not start taking significant steps to alter its already dangerous course.
Actionable change will likely need to be incentivized if we wish to change the already troubling course the planet is taking.
Charging luxury taxes on larger vehicles, disposable goods such as highly packaged foods and fast fashion, implementing more bulk based ways of obtaining consumer goods by using genuinely reusable packaging, making public transit a truly viable option for all people by making all points of access friendly to those with mobility issues, and having well planned and extensive routes, frequent services at an affordable cost.
Incentives companies to make genuinely green choices, not just cosmetic trendy ones as a means to garner interest.
Give individual consumers tax breaks when more sustainable goods and services are chosen over more pollution ones.
About transport: Of course, it is about expanding the bicycle infrastructure, improving public transport and gradually phasing out diesel and petrol cars in favor of electric cars.
The authors also propose to facilitate the combination of traveling by car, bicycle and communication by, for example, the expansion of bicycle parking lots or a parking fee for a car as part of a bus ticket.
Today, the vast majority of homes that are more than five years old are heated using fossil fuels.
It also needs to tackle energy poverty, which can affect up to 28%.
Motivation: The government should motivate residents to switch to more environmentally friendly energy sources.
